Mr. Li
Go to Yuntai Hotel
Find the owner of the other half of the mandarin duck match
He is my most beautiful benefactor
She is also the future young lady of the Li family
It's Mr. Li. I'm going to take the young lady home immediately
Save me I don't want it anymore
I will be responsible for you.
OK
Obviously saving people with good intentions
But accidentally lost the first time
Why so unlucky
Mingwei
The manager didn't find out that you were helping me on duty, did you?
No, don't worry.
Hey slightly
Your jade pendant looks quite expensive.
Jiang Yuhang
It's not that I'm usually reluctant to buy you a cup of milk tea.
Why are you suddenly so generous?
Could it be that the hooligan stayed behind?
Ah, I bought it for 20 yuan when I went to the night market a few days ago.
I'll give it to you if you like.
Wow, it's beautiful!
Who are you people?
It's You
young lady
My name is Xu Yuan
This is the president of our Li Group
Mr. Li, we are here to take you home
Li's Group
China's top cut Li Beixian
Is the jade pendant you wear around your neck worth 200 million
The happiness of Riga's heirs
The jade pendant belongs to Mingwei.
The person they are looking for is him
But it was finally my turn.
I'm the one you're looking for.